Mention that pull requests cannot use issue forms (#8702)
github/docs: content/communities/using-templates-to-encourage-useful-issues-and-pull-requests/syntax-for-issue-forms.md

When a contributor fills out an issue form, their responses for each input are converted to markdown and added to the body of an issue. Contributors can edit their issues that were created with issue forms and other people can interact with the issues like an issue created through other methods.

> {% note %}
> **Note:** Issue forms are not supported for pull requests. Only traditional [pull request templates](/communities/using-templates-to-encourage-useful-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-template-for-your-repository) can be used for pull requests.
> {% endnote %}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue forms are not supported for pull requests. You can create pull request templates in your repositories for collaborators to use. For more information, see "[Creating a pull request template for your repository](/communities/using-templates-to-encourage-useful-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-template-for-your-repository)."

```

I've just made a few changes to align this with our style guide. We try to use note blocks and other callouts sparingly, so this information doesn't need to be in a callout box. When linking to other articles, we use the format "For more information, see <link>." This makes it a bit easier to translate into other languages rather than using in line links.

Thanks for adding this helpful information!

        - **Node**: 13.14.0
        - **npm**: 7.6.3
    value: |
        - OS:
        - Node:

>         - npm:

Reviewer: Good catch on the spacing here 😁
